　　铁骨仁心，钢构未来。

　　秉承钢的强度，以铮铮铁骨，立于天地之间；

　　秉承钢的塑性，以仁爱之心，撑起广阔绿荫。

　　这是我们钢构人的追求和梦想。

　　钢构人致力于探索绿色技术，改善人类环境，拓展幸福空间。钢构人以奇迹创造者和见证者的身份，致力于中国钢结构产业的崛起和进步。

　　钢构人努力打造中国最大的钢结构产业集团企业，为客户提供研发、设计、制造、安装、检测业务于一体的全产业链服务和多元化产品选择，品质保障筑就建筑经典，价值创造树立工程标杆。

　　钢构人谋求成为全球最具竞争力的钢结构产业集团，以全球的视野和穿越经纬的张力，开疆拓土，赢得世界的信赖和尊重。

　　钢构人争做有社会责任感的优秀企业公民，用真诚奉献社会，用满意回报客户，用成就造福员工，构筑商业文明新高度。

　　我们还有一个梦想，就是要把中建钢构打造成百年老店，为后人留下百年不朽的作品。



　中建钢构有限公司董事长、党委书记王宏





　　To Build our Future with the Will of Steel and Heart of Humanity.

　　We CSCEC Steel people have a pursuit and a dream.

　　We embody the strength of steel, we stand in the world with the will of steel.

　　We embody the flexibility of steel, we build a better human environment with a human heart.

　　CSCEC Steel people are dedicated to the exploration of green technology, the improvement of the human environment, and the expansion of space to happiness. CSCEC Steel people are dedicated to the rise and progress of China's steel structure industry, both as miracle workers and as witnesses.

　　CSCEC Steel people strive to build the largest group company in China's steel structure industry, to provide customers with an integrated chain of services and Persified product selection including R&D, design, fabrication, installation and testing. We provide classic architecture built with guaranteed quality, construction benchmarks and value creation in mind.

　　CSCEC Steel people seek to become the world's most competitive steel structure industry group, with global vision and the strength to cover the whole world. Pioneering into new lands, winning the world's trust and respect.

　　CSCEC Steel people strive to be good corporate citizens with a sense of social responsibility, using our sincere dedication to society, satisfied customer feedback, and achievements to benefit employees and build a new level of corporate culture.

　　We also have another dream, that is to develop CSCEC Steel into a century-old enterprise, and to leave immortal works for future generations.



Chairman: Wang Hong