¡¡Ningbo day honesty tent industry co., LTD. Is located in the shore of east China sea, the beautiful civilized city ningbo, is a professional engaged in high-grade carport structure technology development, all kinds of bike shed project design, carport internal structure design, manufacture installation and services in an integrated tent industry company. The company since its establishment, the main products are: aluminum alloy carport, aluminum alloy bicycle shed, steel structure carport, steel structure bicycle shed, steel structure electric carport, villas carport canopy, glass canopy, auto channel canopy, push-pull mobile canopy, electric carport, sun roof, simple carport and all kinds of different style don't sun room, etc. The characteristics: the product corrosion resistance, prevent ageing, sturdiness and durability, safety, and no water penetration, resisting wind ability and easy to maintenance etc. The past few years, the company has always been to the customer first, the user first, product excellence, practical innovation, the pursuit of perfect, keep making progress, meet customer for the purpose, by the high quality products, reasonable price and high quality service as our own responsibility, and, in the domestic provinces and cities of the parking lot, the living community, government departments and units, landmark buildings and other places provide carport installation services. The project has been in Shanghai      Beijing hangzhou ningbo suzhou   guangzhou shenzhen  tianjin     Qingdao taiyuan wuhan wuxi  urumqi     wenzhou xian xiamen xining     shenyang nanning zhuhai zhengzhou     changzhou chongqing shaoxing zhejiang  jiangxi  fujian  etc all over the country.The company has a group of high quality talent team, experienced, professional and strong, the steel structure carport industry has a deep understanding, and the introduction of foreign advanced lathe equipment, use of mechanical work, for the vast number of customers to tailor all kinds of carport canopy, quality of service we can satisfy you to product originality and practical double demand. Professional team and strength make the rapid development of the company, be in steel structure industry professional production carport, professional production manufacturer of canopy of the pioneer. That day honesty tent industry to bring you in practical premise, we can help your unit, building, villa improve image, add a bright scenery line.The past few years, the company by the general customers the support and love for the fast steady development. Looking to the future, we will continue to rely on technical innovation, good service concept, the high quality product quality and good faith service return society. We sincerely welcome customers to come to negotiate and create a better future.Our promise:Quality assurance, carport products skeleton life 30 years, free maintenance one year (human and force majeure damage except), lifelong maintenance!